Movie 1: An 24 sec recording of P7 pup during a sleep, corresponding to the montage in Fig. 1A. The time synced EMG trace is scrolls below where the red cursor indicates the activity visible in in the current frame and the shaded region indicates a window of ±0.25s. The behavioral state is indicated in the upper right with a magenta ‘W’ for wake and cyan ‘S’ for sleep. Time is indicated in the lower left in seconds. The audio is a direct play back of the EMG trace. Wave begins in the occipital region and propagates rostrally.

Movie 2: An 8 sec recording of P7 pup during a sleep, corresponding to the montage in Fig. 1B. The time synced EMG trace is scrolls below where the red cursor indicates the activity visible in in the current frame and the shaded region indicates a window of ±0.25s. The behavioral state is indicated in the upper right with a magenta ‘W’ for wake and cyan ‘S’ for sleep. Time is indicated in the lower left in seconds. The audio is a direct play back of the EMG trace. Wave begins in the rostral-medial region and propagates caudally.

Movie 3: A time accelerated movie (5X) of a 10 min recording of P7 pup with multiple sleep wake transition and waves. The time synced EMG trace is scrolls below where the red cursor indicates the activity visible in in the current frame and the shaded region indicates a window of ±0.25s. The behavioral state is indicated in the upper right with a magenta ‘W’ for wake and cyan ‘S’ for sleep. Time is indicated in the lower left (mm:ss). The audio is a direct play back of the EMG trace and clearly distinguishes periods of wake and sleep. Sleep periods are dominated by broad waves of activity, while during wake activity spans smaller asynchronous regions and high activity in motor cortex.

Movie 4: A short clip showing the calcium activity associated with large movements in a P7 animal. Top-Left: View of the cortex with pseudo colored dF/F activity overlaid on the raw fluorescence. Time is indicated in the lower left (mm:ss). Bottom-Left: Time synced EMG trace is scrolls below where the red cursor indicates the activity visible in in the current frame and the shaded region indicates a window of ±0.25s. The audio is a direct play back of the EMG trace.  Right: Infrared camera view of the head fixed pup during recording. Several bouts of large movement are shown during wake which are associated with large activations of motor and sensory areas of the cortex.
